SHIBUYA STATION
(OUTSIDE THE CURTAIN)
...furious with my own helplessness.
Never in my life.
I'm just facing...
the evils that force me to see reality.
That's all.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
How dare you look down on others?
You know my cursed technique, right?
Manipulating crows, that's it.
MEIJI-JINGUMAE - SHIBUYA
It's weak, isn't it?
That's why I trained hard
when I was young,
so that I could fight
without cursed techniques.
Now that I dominate you here,
I feel that all my efforts
were not in vain.
Wait. I'll back out now.
Please spare me...
Quiet. My sister hasn't finished yet.
I kept telling myself
that the true value of a sorcerer
is not in their cursed technique.
But then, I hit a plateau.
Physical ability
and using cursed energy to strengthen it.
It's not going to keep improving forever.
I had a setback.
But because of that setback,
I revisited my own cursed technique.
I've bloomed as a Grade 1 sorcerer.
Applause.
Well then, I'm going to kill you.
I just wanted to say
something to kill time.
I'm really sorry!
I'll stop doing wrong!
Please... please spare my life!
Ui Ui.
How do you think the value and weight
of life should be measured?
The answer is how useful
that life is to you, of course.
Thank you.
And what do you think?
I think... um...
A man who hunts life
can't answer what scale
he uses to measure life.
That's why you lose.
By the way, for me,
service potential itself is life.
Huh?
Only the curtain that forbids sorcerers
disappeared, right?
We broke three,
including the one Ino broke.
They used all three for one curtain...
IN FRONT OF CERULEAN TOWER
...or maybe two of them were dummies.
Anyway,
jujutsu sorcerers
can now move freely in Shibuya.
What's left are the curtains
trapping Mr. Gojo
and ordinary people.
I wanted to interrogate this geezer,
but he's not waking up anytime soon.
Let's go to meet Ino...
Ino!
The curtain disappeared.
Grandma, what should we do?
W-What...
What should we do?
Without Satoru Gojo,
it couldn't be better.
Go down there and kill the sorcerers.
Grandson?
Who do you think you're giving orders to,
hag?
What's going on?
I just summoned the body's information.
Summon...
Oh, I see...
Yes. To avoid such accidents,
my principle is not to summon
the soul's information.
I don't understand it very well,
but my body is special.
His soul must have lost to my body.
The soul lost to the body?
That is absolutely impossible.
You want me to kill the sorcerers...
but aren't you also a sorcerer?
Mr. Ijichi?
He seems to have been attacked
while talking on the phone with Nitta.
It probably happened
after he parted with Fushiguro and others.
It could be dangerous as he's all alone.
Nobara, you go to Mr. Ijichi with Akari.
We can't use cell phones right now.
We need the help
of the assistant supervisors.
That idiot can't possibly lose.
But the situation seems
to be getting worse.
I'll take care of things here.
That old man isn't motivated at all.
Bring me some booze.
Don't mind him.
Go.
-Yes!
In case something goes wrong,
staying outside the curtain
makes it easier to escape.
How is Ino?
He's not okay.
But he's not dead.
I'm going to beat them up.
I understand your feelings,
but don't act rashly, Itadori.
Think about our top priority.
Mr. Gojo...
The curtain has been lifted.
Those guys up there
might have already fled.
Let's take Ino outside first.
You take him. I'll go to the station.
Right, that's the best approach.
But to be alone in Shibuya right now...
Fine, but...
"If you die, I'll kill you," right?
Don't worry.
Besides, I have Mechamaru with me.
Even though he hasn't been
responding for a long time.
Fine then.
See you later.
Right.
Sister.
It seems that the curtain has been lifted.
Satoru Gojo owes us a big favor.
I'm getting excited
just thinking about it.
Sooner than I expected.
Nitta, stop.
21:40 SHOTO BUNKAMURA STREET
(OUTSIDE THE CURTAIN)
A girl in a suit.
That makes me so happy.
I kept running into men,
I was so sick of it.
Nitta, go hide.
It'll be over soon.
Pretend to hide behind the Bunkamura.
Go straight through Tokyu
to the other side.
From what that guy said,
he has probably defeated Mr. Ijichi too.
We have to hurry over.
Okay, be careful, Ms. Kugisaki.
Are you whispering?
It makes me so curious.
She hid away.
Yikes.
You threw away the weapon?
Don't underestimate me.
I've seen you before.
Those who rely on cursed tools
tend to be medium to long-range fighters.
I'll attack with all I have.
May I ask who you are?
Shoot nails? that's dangerous.
I can make it even more dangerous.
Ouch!
What? So she didn't go to hide.
Nitta!
Shoot!
Bastard!
The sword he just threw away...
Why did it appear from above?
What a pity.
Hairpin.
Nitta.
Well, you really love doing
dangerous things, don't you?
I hit your chin? Can't stand up?
Hey, can't you stand up?
I'm talking to you.
You've become much stronger
since we last met, haven't you?
I almost didn't recognize you.
But,
just being strong doesn't mean
you can win in this world.
Especially when it comes to
my cursed technique.
That said,
I don't quite understand
my cursed technique either though.
Okay.
Which one should I kill first?
Y-You...
My mouth, move!
What on earth do you want to do?
I need to buy as much time as possible.
Well, they said
they wanted to seal Satoru Gojo.
I'm asking what you want.
Me?
What if someone who loves
and excels at soccer
was born into a world without soccer?
No, I don't know how to explain it.
I mean, does a reason matter?
It doesn't matter. It's fun.
As long as I'm having fun, that's enough!
Don't you think so?
Stop it!
Then try to stop me.
Stop me from committing...
I bit my tongue.
And I have phlegm in my throat.
Whoa!
You can't even stand.
Alright.
Was it...
okay to kill the one who isn't
wearing a black suit too?
I think he came to Shibuya with Fushiguro...
Mr. Nanami?
Take a look at the situation.
Who said you could move?
I have this girl as a hostage.
She sneaked away.
Tell me
the number of your people
and their arrangement.
I don't know.
A wall?
And...
He's not cut.
Tell me the number of your people
and their arrangement.
I don't...
I almost died.
If it weren't for my cursed technique,
I would've died.
I need to... run.
Tell me...
the number of your people
and their arrangement.
I told you I don't know...
Don't even think about it.
Do you have to interfere?
On my way here,
I saw several assistant supervisors
who had been killed.
It was you, right?
S-Sorry...
He's on another level.
This is...
a Grade 1 sorcerer.
Let's go find Ms. Nitta.
Boy, it's you.
Ms. Mei, long time no see.
How dare you still speak like this
after sending assassins, Geto?
Why is he still alive?
Did Gojo fail last year?
Could it be that Gojo and Geto colluded
and resulted in this disturbance?
Not likely.
Because Gojo could kill
all the people in the country by himself.
He doesn't need
a helping hand or petty tricks.
I used to think highly of you, over Gojo.
And your nihilistic smile was charming.
It's such a pity
that I have to kill a talent like you.
A real pity.
This Geto is likely an impostor.
Ms. Mei, I also think it's a pity
that I have to kill my former senior.
SPECIAL GRADE DISEASE CURSED SPIRIT
SMALLPOX DEITY
Cursed Spirit Manipulation.
Am I wrong?
Special Grade disease cursed spirit,
Smallpox Deity.
Last year, I exhausted
all the cursed spirits I had.
But the quality hasn't gone down.
To be safe, I think I'll keep
the humans in the basement five.
I'll wait for you by the tracks.
If you can exorcise this one,
I'll be your opponent.
Domain Expansion?!
It seems a bit tricky.
Grave.
I'm trapped.
Is this a coffin?
Sister!
Three, two...
It's been many years
since I've encountered an opponent
who could put my life in danger.
Sister!
22:10 INSIDE SHIBUYA STATION
Nobody here.
Weren't there a lot of people
trapped in the station?
So, Mr. Ijichi is okay?
I did my best to save him.
And he originally aimed to be a sorcerer.
Anyway, so you didn't know
about the situation with Gojo.
Maybe we didn't hear it
because we went indoors immediately.
Hanging on even after being sealed
sounds very like him.
Please you two wait here for the rescue.
I will move to the basement five
with Zenin and others.
-Let me...
-No.
My level is the minimum threshold
for the upcoming battle.
You would only get in the way.
Stay here and stand by.
Yuji Itadori.
I will avenge...
my brothers.
Mr. Ijichi, we'll help you with your work.
It's okay. It's really okay.
Don't be shy. We're digital natives.
Excel and PowerPoint are easy-peasy.
I mean it. It's really not necessary.
Next episode, Red Scale.
What's "Merge Cells"?
Just click it.
Please leave.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today